[CUBRIDMAN-303] add environment variable of memory into env.rst (#648)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/env.rst

        +------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------+
        | MALLOC_TRIM_THRESHOLD\_| Specifies the threshold for deciding whether freed memory is released back to the kernel.                      | 128 KiB         |
        |                        | Released if the threshold is exceeded.                                                                         |                 |
        +------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------+
        | MALLOC_ARENA_MAX       | Specifies the maximum number of memory arenas that a process is allowed to create.                             | 8 times of core |
        +------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------+

    *  In the installation package, cubrid.sh (or cubrid.csh) sets the **MALLOC_TRIM_THRESHOLD\_** value to 0, while the other environment variables are commented out.

.. note::

>     *  In the Linux environments, the **LD_PRELOAD** environment variable can be used to override and change the default memory manager used by CUBRID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *  In Linux environments, the **LD_PRELOAD** environment variable can be used to override the default memory manager used by CUBRID.
```

>     *  However, replacing the memory manager may cause unexpected behavior during CUBRID operation, so it should be done with careful consideration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *  However, replacing the memory manager during CUBRID operation may cause unexpected behavior, so it should be done with careful consideration.
```

>     *  In the installation package, LD_PRELOAD environment variable is commented out in the cubrid.sh (or cubrid.csh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *  The scripts in the installation package (cubrid.sh and cubrid.csh) include the **LD_PRELOAD** line, but it is commented out by default.
```

>     *  In the installation package, LD_PRELOAD environment variable is commented out in the cubrid.sh (or cubrid.csh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *  The scripts in the installation package (cubrid.sh and cubrid.csh) include the **LD_PRELOAD** environment variable, but it is commented out by default.
```
